Reset netsh proxy (#3466)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-atp/configure-proxy-internet-windows-defender-advanced-threat-protection.md

```
For example: netsh winhttp set proxy 10.0.0.6:8080

To reset the winhttp proxy, enter the following command and press **Enter**
```
netsh winhttp reset proxy
```

> To get more details how to use netsh command,[please see help doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/networking/technologies/netsh/netsh-contexts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Netsh Command Syntax, Contexts, and Formatting](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/networking/technologies/netsh/netsh-contexts) to learn more.
```
